{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15940\viewh8200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
tl,dr; I\'92m a web developer that believes the majority of software problems can be solved through the adaptation of existing solutions. I contend that a modern dev\'92s skill is to be found in their ability to quickly assess what the problem is and what preexisting codebases can be used to quickly produce results.  \
\
The Philosophy: \
\
Hello again and welcome to my sandbox, Paul Reinvents Wheels. Why the name you may ask? Well, I\'92m a software developer focused on web technologies, and I would make the case that software development in the modern age is often about taking previously conceived of solutions and adapting them for new problems; hence, reinventing wheels.\
\
It\'92s also true that this space is meant to be a place to showcase some of my development efforts, which, to be honest, are almost always contrived to display an ability through the development of something that probably already exists; hence, reinventing wheels. \
\
I might add that this analysis is underpinned by the idea that all software development is really just problem solving. The question outstanding is how to define the problem and then determining what solution best solves the problem statement while taking into consideration the variables that may parameterize the solution e.g. scalability, longevity, and upfront technical know-how. \
\
Lately, I\'92ve been focused on developing solutions with React in concert with Express and MongoDB. I\'92ve seen this stack referred to as MERN, but I\'92m honestly not sure how frequently that term is thrown around. That said, in my time as a developer I\'92ve also worked on stacks that operated around the likes of Wordpress and Drupal i.e. LAMP. Whatever the technology is, I know myself to be a quick study and take a holistic approach to understanding project development, which is to say that there are many commonalities across languages and frameworks, and I seek to exploit these commonalities for the purpose of rapidly building solutions.\
\
You can learn more about me here as well as get a copy of my resume as a pdf here.\
\
\
https://github.com/fullstack-hy2020/redux-notes.git\
https://github.com/fullstack-hy2020/redux-notes.git\
\
About: A technical story of technical acumen\
\
Hello again! By now you know that I\'92m a web developer, but I guess you\'92re curious how I came to be one. How nice! Well, I\'92ve been code adjacent for most of my life. As a young kid in the mid 90s, I started messing with HTML via computers at the local library to build sites on the likes of Geocities (shout out to those who remember that platform), but my first real programming experience began in high school with C++ though the knowledge I gathered was primarily used in the pursuit of self-made MUDs (link) that consisted of jokes about my friend\'92s last names. What can I say, I was fifteen.\
\
After high school, I got a certification in Unix system administration along side of an associate degree, which included experience shell scripting and some basic .NET work. After completing my certification I moved out to the West Coast from the Midwest and realized that I wanted to get involved with web development; using what I\'92d already learned as a springboard, I decided to flesh out my understanding of the LAMP stack and refreshed myself on HTML/CSS. I ultimately found a position subcontracting for a local company where I primarily worked to bring static sites into CMSes like Drupal and Wordpress. Ultimately, I left the field to return to school, at the time thinking that I wanted to pursue an academic career in physics. While working to that end, I spent some time working with Python to solve computational problems relevant to my studies. \
\
After a couple of years pursuing a B.S. in physics, I got a better understanding of a what a post-graduate career in  academia entailed and found myself disillusioned. I took a break from school. While on said break, I worked as a bartender, which allowed me a great deal of freedom to travel and consider my next step. \
\
After a couple of years off, I decided I would return to university and pursue a degree in electrical engineering (there was fortunately much overlap from my earlier physics coursework). Unfortunately after two years in that program, I came to realize that I wasn\'92t so much interested in working in that field as I was interested in learning about the fundamentals of computing. This eureka moment left me feeling a touch foolish as it would have behooved me to pursue a degree in computer science degree in the first place, but as the saying goes, you live; you learn. That said, I stuck around to finish my B.S. In my time in the EE department I worked with C, Python and Matlab. Since completing my bachelors degree, I decided to pursue a certificate through a bootcamp, and ultimately completed one geared towards Javascript development via Treehouse. Today, I\'92m working towards broadening my understanding of all things software by pursuing further education via MOOCs (I love the University of Helsinki), texts like Head First Design Patterns and of course the myriad resources that the Internet provides. \
\
I see now that I took the long way around as I have returned to web development, but I\'92ve been fortunate to learn so much along the way that I wouldn\'92t want this journey to have gone any other way. \
\
\
}